Hello!  
I have developed & designed a wide range of websites using my core skills PHP, Laravel, Wordpress, e-Commerce, Open Cart, HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, Shopping Cart, Web Design, Jquery, Ajax, JavaScript,C#, ASP.Net,Web Scrapping, MERN Stack, WebSocket.
Especially, I have excellent exprience out to hone my skills(MERN Stack) take stock of what I had knowledge and decide where I would like to work,
resulting in my application for this Job.

My Vision: 

▶ WordPress Development
▶ Web Design
▶ Page Speed Optimization
▶ Various Eccomerce Site  management
▶ Various Shopping Site management
▶ Google ads Campaign Management
▶ WebSocket in PHP and Node.js
▶ Website Audit (technical, content and link audits)
▶ Link building on High DA and PA based site to bring traffic
▶ Proper setup of Google Webmaster tool and Analytic
▶ High Speed in work, 
▶ High Satisfaction!


How am I working?
• We created a team of 35 writers, web developers, Graphics designers and marketers in our office.
• Enforced stringent quality checks on the content produced by our team members.
• Formed a pool of researchers with the necessary expertise in various fields to offer dynamic, insightful and well-researched end products to our clients.
I understand all of the processes to a successful website marketing, and quality is always my first concern.


-----------
1. I fully sympathize with the effort to eliminate all corruption and give equal rights to all people, and I will do my best.

2. It's not that I don't want to go to another big company.
However, I sympathized with you who are trying to do good things that are fair to everyone, not just yourself, and I decided to go through this together.
To be honest, I posted to other big companies to get a job.
But if you want to work with me, I will work with you right away.
3. I have mastered React.js, Next.js, Tailwind.css, AWS & architecting it, and DevOps, and have over 8 years of web development experience, and over 6 years of experience in these languages.
4. My goal is to use my technology to create great products that everyone likes, and to become the owner of higher technology.
5. 1. Responsive Web Design (HTML, CSS master) 8 years
 2. MERN Stack (react master) 7 years.
 3. PHP, Laravel 7 years
 4. ASP.NET MVC (C# master) 6 years
 5. Database Management (MySql master) 7 years
6. My strength is to know what is desired in the evolving era and to create my own excellent products rather than imitating them. Here, I am a conscientious developer who has a high sense of responsibility and is very good at working on my own, carry out the plan every day without fail. 
About my weakness.
I think one thing that I can always improve about my greatest weakness.
My friends keep giving me advice, but it's difficult to change, perhaps because it's my personality.
But you can also see that as my charm.
It means that if I set a goal, I don't leave the workplace until I achieve it.
My friends keep telling me that my bodies are being overworked even though it won't end in just a day or two.
However, if I say that I will finish the work by the next day, I can't break it, so I work without eating.
So I'm trying to fix it now.
7. I will do my best to complete your great company idea.
8.I am very confident about it.
9. I will do my best on this path to eternal friendship with you, where money is not the basis.
10. 40hr+
11. I will do my best till get a high goal.
12. I haven't encountered anything like that yet.
Making a good idea takes a lot of time and efforts.
but I think It will depend on how hard I study and on how hard I practice.
where there is a will, there is a way.
13. That is because the decision to sacrifice myself for you and for all the people of the world on this path, not for money, was not made in this one moment.
Finally, you will get to know my skills immediately after working with me for 3-5 days.

