Hello!
This is Teymur Babayev and live in Azerbaijan.
As an experienced Senior Full Stack expert who Mastered PHP(Laravel), MERN stack, C#, ASP.NET MVC, BlockChain, SEO, Restful API, Database Management with over 9 years of experience.
I made $30 0000 by block chain and Shopify, E-commerce Site and Shopping Site develope in 2022.
I can complete KAYAK.com kind of platform.
Do you have Freelancer account?
If you don't have it, you can create it with free and 3min.
I need Freelancer account now.
because my account was broken and  need to use a good account to achieve my current goals.
It requires my skill and good standing of the country to bid on assignments worth more than $3000.
If you borrow it to me. I will pay you 30% of my total profits.
It means that you will get over $2000 every month.
I can earn over $ 7000 ~ $10000 every month.
After creating an account, you need to verification your ID and Email and leave the computer on for me at least 15 hours out of 24 hours a day.
Then I will use your account on your computer through anydesk to get assignments and earn money.
Then you can take 30% of the money in the account and send me 70%.
Please contact me if you can help me.
If you can help me, you are my friend, and I will pay you very coolly.


Lending your freelancer account to me does not mean giving it to me.
It means that using your account on your computer via anydesk.
All you have to do is turn on the computer for me for more than 15 hours out of 24 hours a day, and at the end of the month, take 30% of the account's profits and send 70% to me.
If you wanna.
I can explain about it very correctly in google meet.
Well, I hope you take some time to think about it.
I don't think this is too hard if you are willing to help what you can.
Making a lot of money takes a lot of time and efforts.
But I think It will depend on how hard I work and on how hard I practice.
Where there is a will there is a way.
However, if I have a good partner on this path, it will also be a great help.
If I can combine my skills with your account, it will be very easy to get my goal and I will be able to get a lot of time.
I am a Senior Full Stack developer with great skills that allows me to earn over $8 000 per month.
I believe you can definitely go with me.
I am waiting for your good reply.

You only say you're American, but you haven't actually shown me anything.
