how have you been?
I tried to raise $150, but I could only raise $100.
I would really appreciate it if you would work with me
I have no doubt that if your good account and my skills are combined, great results will be achieved in the near future.
What do you think is the best way to hand over money?
Also, I would like to share your bank information. What do you think?
I have a suggestion, can you listen to it?
The idea is to buy connect with $50 and you get $50 first.
This is because if you first want to obtain an assignment without good feedback or stars, you must use a boost other than the allowed number of connections to easily bid on assignments worth more than $1000.
It may use 50 to 100 connections at a time.
It can be a bit difficult to bid on assignments without buy connect in your account, so I'd like to hear how you feel.



--------------About account
If you rend me your account.
I will pay you 30% of my total profits.
It means that you will get over $1500 ~ $2000 a month.


Aren't you forming an opinion about me based on the past few days of work?
Why aren't you sending me a message even though I'm desperately looking for you?
All of this was not all of you, so I am understanding you.
Don't you see me that is trying hard without sleep to make your account great without any feedback or stars?
However, you are appearance does not give me strength and it gives me a lot to think about.
I hope to be a friend who speaks the truth without hiding himself in a cool way, such as saying, “I like it, I don’t like it, it’s better if I do it this way.”
And I like friends like that.
And I hope that you will be my strength forever.
Then I will do my best for you and you will see my strength.
I write this with a firmer determination to walk hand in hand with you on this field because I consider you my eternal friend.

On the other hand, what would you do if I told you that if you use my account and don't give me the advance payment, I won't work with you?

Can you think of these words as coming from a friend who can last forever, helping and leading each other as friends rather than money?
But I understand you generously.
Because my passionate affection with you was not a spontaneous union that took place in a moment, I understand you because I know the side of you who became my friend on this path and is still offering yourself.
And keep in mind that this Teymur, will be your great friend.
It won't be long before you get a taste of my wonderful side, and instead of don't say you're sorry to me, I am going to give you a beating.
HaHaHa...
To my friend Shannara...


Making a lot of money takes a lot of time and efforts.
But I think It will depend on how hard I work and on how hard I practice.
Where there is a will there is a way.
However, if I have a good partner on this path, it will also be a great help.
If I can combine my skills with your account, it will be very easy to get my goal and I will be able to get a lot of time.
I am a Senior Full Stack developer with great skills that allows me to earn over $10 000 per month.