Shopify is an e-commerce platform that allows individuals and businesses to create and manage their online stores. 
Shopify offers a range of features and tools to help merchants sell their products and services online, including payment processing, inventory management, shipping and fulfillment, and online advertising. 
With Shopify, merchants can create a customized online store, use pre-designed themes, and sell their products on multiple channels, including social media and search engines. 
Shopify also provides analytics and reporting tools to help merchants track their sales, traffic, and customer behavior.

-------------------------------
So how much do you plan to pay if I complete this  your websites well?

Nice, Let me get down to this project right now.
I will let you know if I have some  problem.

It's better to set payment form in budget to $30 by hourly.
Then it gives me a benefit to my working background.
-------------------------------
For you, I know this project is expensive, but I will do it at the price you ask in order to become a great friend forever in this field.

People want their favorite sites to be better and more elegant than other sites.
I will provide you with such a site as soon as possible.

That's why I think we need to put the most effort into design.

I made many shopping site. I know about it what is important.
That's because people want their favorite sites to be better than others.
Also, your prestige will increase further.
First of all, content is important, but the visible design must be cool and elegant so that the product stands out and attracts more people.

Then, please send me the page design you want and more detailed description.
Do you prefer to buckle down and make money, or is it better to be cool, hold back a little, sit back, and make money?

---------------------
I don't have time to figure out your site, find the problems, and then start.
Please let me know now what form you would like and what information it should contain.


If you want, I can solve it with AI.

In addition, WEBRTC must be used to ensure real-time conversation.

With good cooperation with a Canadian client, this site was successfully completed within the stipulated time and shipped to this field.

Can you coolly send me $500?
Then I will continue to work hard for you in the future.

When can I meet with you each day to work for this site?

I have examined you want site in depth. I truly guarantee that I can create a great site that you will be happy with.


I sincerely guarantee that I can create a better site that will satisfy you.

I will try hard to satisfy customers.

Before starting the task, I want you to give me the range of task and deadline in more details.

Don't you have some source code for this project?

So, I'm trying to complsfsfete this project with the MERN Stack. What do you think?

I appreciate your decision to work with me and I will do my best to provide great products to great customers.

First of all, it is easy because I have created such a site and I work full time to satisfy customers. I guarantee that we will create a great site for you in 1-2 days.
sksms

I can start your project immediately and finish your project successfully with in the given timeframe with highquality.

In particular, I will be honored to make this project successful for a nice customer.
I promise to provide you with a great site within 12 to 15 days.

How long does it take to create a professional ranking site?

Be responsive and respect SEO policies as much as possible.

It's a online form which can collect the user input along with geo location and send as mail

-------------------------------
Yasamal rayonu, D.Bünyadzadə 12, mənzil 79-da yaşayıram.
sənin evin haradadır

2020-ci ildə blockchain və veb saytımla 300.000 dollar qazandım.

Çoxlu alış-veriş saytları və e-ticarət saytları qurmuşam.
Shopify alış-veriş saytınız olmaq və ya almaq, mən kömək edə bilər.

Fikrinizi bilmək istəyirəm.

