
I'm a Website developer who have the deep knowlege about libraries oriented on Javascript(Especially:MERN).

I'm writing to go with us in this field because I like trustworthy and attentive man.

I heard about your country that was very methodical,conscientious and reliable from my friend in a few days ago.

My this letter doesn't mean letter of extempore.

We live in the different country each other,But in the furture by way of timeless friendship.

You and me, This is letter of sincerity I hope that help each other.

If you work with me, You'll know another talent and trostworthy developer and never be disappointed in me and I'll do my best.

Don't hesitate to call me anytime.


I like trustworthy and conscientious people. You seem very dedicated and trustworthy. If your image with me lasts forever, I will be your friend in this yard for a long time.



I don't know how to thank you for not forgetting my words and showing such interest.
 
I am a web developer with excellent knowledge of the MERN Stack, but something happened 6 months ago and I was unable to work in this field. Now, I am a MERN Stack developer who has set out to have great experiences and exchanges again based on the MERN Stack skill I love. .



I'm looking for someone who can lend me an Upwork account.
I am an experienced web developer making $8000 on Upwork one month.
My account has been blocked and I need a new Upwork account.
American and European accounts are preferred.

my requirements
- A person who has a computer for an Upwork account
- Your computer must always be online.
- Never sign up for Upwork from another computer.
- A person who has a PayPal and Payoneer account.
-A person who asks for the first monthly payment after 15 days

your profits
- I will pay you $150 per month.
- Or, I will give you 10% of my profits (depending on the country).
I look for someone who is consistent in his work.
If you’re interested, send me a message.


Azerbaijan

I know there will be people who come to you to rent an account by paying you up front.
First of all, I would like to thank you so much for valuing your conversation with me and for continuing to show interest.
If you are really cool and trust me this time, I will never forget your gratitude.
What is that money that should separate us?
I know that if you combine my skills with your account, we can really succeed in this filed, so I keep pestering you even though I know it's so shameless.

I need you to know that by trusting me and helping me, you will have a friend who is like your own skin.
I really don't know if I should talk about my situation right now.
If only you had stopped me a little longer in the morning...

Once I start working, that money will be nothing.
After just 3 to 5 days, you will be impressed with my skills.