Hello!
//My name is ... and MERN Stack developer.
I have checked your description carefully and made full understanding.
I know how you feel, because I had already make that kind of project.
You just described about ...problem in                                                        
                                        

//

こんにちは。 私の名前はjです。 
私は、あなたが必要とする高いレベルのWeb開発能力と良いコミュニケーション、そして献身的な努力で、迅速かつ迅速に満足するプロジェクトを完成できる素晴らしい開発者です。
私は今すぐあなたの課題を始める準備ができており、具体的な計画も立てています。
あなたが私と一緒に働くなら、才能があり、信用の良い友達を作る機会になります。
ありがとうございます。  


What would you think of me if first used account made by you and then asked you to pay after 10 ~ 15 days?
If you understand how I am asking you to do this, I will...
I don't like it when others look at me with pity.
But I am a person who does not know how to lie, and moreover, my mother scolds my son severely when he deceives others.
My younger brother is sick and I spend a lot of money on last month, so I don't have enough money in my pocket right now. 
If you truly sympathize with my skills and attributes and help me, no matter what happens in the future, I will sell my car to help you in order to keep our friendship.
To repay your expectations and efforts, my beloved parents and younger brother, and a rare and wonderful friend who is devoted and treats other people's pain as if it were his own, I will exert all my wisdom, passion, and fighting spirit in this field.


hello! I am willing to give you this project for free. I have one condition for you. this project is very easy for me.
I can start your project immediately and finish your project successfully with in the given timeframe with high quality.
If you want me to complete the project, please introduce a good account. The conditions are as follows.
I am an experienced MERN Stact Expert making $8000 ~ $11000 on Upwork one month.
My account has been blocked and I need a new Upwork account and FreeLance.

my requirements
- A person who has a computer for an account
- Your computer must always be online.
- Never sign up for Upwork or Freelance from another computer.
- A person who has a PayPal and Payoneer account.
-A person who asks for the first monthly payment after 20 days

your profits
- I will pay you $150 per month.
- Or, I will give you 15 ~ 20% of my profits (depending on the country).
I look for someone who is consistent in his work.
If you give us a good, trustworthy account, we will complete your project for free.
If you’re interested, send me a message.my sky*address ->live:.cid.2bb76fd50616fc87