Hello
I read ur description very carefully and  i have experienced this kind of project 2 months ago.
 You specified that you are looking for someone to write SEO-optimized content for your logistics website. I have experience writing in the logistics field and am interested in your project. However, I have a few questions to ask. Please send me a message, so I can get an opportunity to ask these questions.

Copywriting isn’t just putting down words on paper and hoping that it works. The primary intent of copywriting is persuading the prospect to take a specific action (In other word sells).
 
I help people like you, to stop wasting time creating content that no one wants. I will find out what your audience wants to know and create magnetic copy that makes you stand out from the crowd and rank a little bit faster. 

In Short:
- A well-researched copy to give the most suitable and effective text.
- SEO optimized content to cut through Google algorithm.
- Your content will push your prospect to take action (Subscribe/Purchase).

Above all, I will write SEO focused content that will help you to generate leads and sales. You will get a Premium Experience throughout the Journey of the work with me. 

 Go ahead and check now:
- https://sompa.farhaddigital.com/
- https://vanilla-agency.com/
- https://farhaddigital.com/

Let's discuss in more detail via chat
Best Regards,
Liyaz

-----------------Content Writer Seo Expert
I just reviewed your requirement and able to handle your social media accounts for organic growth.
Here is my work process:
1. Competitor analysis and strategy planning
2. Regular basis accounts monitoring
3. Content strategy planning & marketing
4. Relevant audience targeting
5. Hashtag strategy & weekly reporting
6. Post creation & Scheduling
You can additionally contact me for website development, logo design, SEO marketing and paid marketing services and I will forward you detailed proposal with plan.
I am curious to work with you, hope will get your response soon
With Respect and Good Wishes

Niyaz


Hi, we can surely design your SEO friendly website, keeping in mind all the features you want in it as We are professional Senior Full-Stack Web Developers, with over 6+ years of experience, providing reliable web services from a simple website to huge database-driven custom websites or web applications with SEO Optimized Source code. we have built over many Web Projects using these technologies including PHP, Laravel, Angular, Wordpress and much more...

Would be much better if we can have a proper discussion about the project so that I can understand all of your requirements.

Thanks
ITSOFTEXPERT